Now is that the question is of course which components are interested.
Well for example our navigation or specifically the link stair if we go to NAV links we have a couple
of links which we only want to show if we're not authenticated and links.
We only want to show if we are authenticated so here in NAV links let's import of context from
the context folder and then of context and import a new hook which we haven't used before.
Use context.
And this does what the name implies.
It allows us to tap into a context to listen to it.
So to say so here we can then call use context and pass in the off context just like this and we'll
we get back is an object which will hold the latest context and this component will re render when Abbott
is context we're listening to changes.
That's the magic react manages for us behind the scenes so here then off is object that holds that is
locked in property to log in method into logout method and we can now utilize this for example my places
should only be visible if we are locked in so I'll check if it is locked in is a thing and only rendered
as list item if it is at place all also only makes sense if we are locked in.
So let's render it appropriately authenticate on the other end only makes sense if we're not locked
in because there is no reason to authenticate if we are locked in with dead what you see when you reload
is that at the beginning you only see all users and authenticate you still see the edit and delete buttons
but that's something we'll still take care about.
Now let's make sure that when we click log in here we actually trigger does log and method on our context.
Q Changed at state now also try this on your own.
We'll do it together in the next lecture.